Fix typos and grammar errors across documentation (#144709)
python/cpython: Doc/tutorial/controlflow.rst

    6

Later we will see more functions that return iterables and take iterables as
arguments.  In chapter :ref:`tut-structures`, we will discuss in more detail

> :func:`list`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arguments.  In chapter :ref:`tut-structures`, we will discuss :func:`list` in more
detail.
```

  ``False`` and ``None`` are compared by identity.

- Patterns may use named constants.  These must be dotted names

>   to prevent them from being interpreted as a capture variable::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to prevent them from being interpreted as capture variables::
```
